src/main/java/com/booleanuk/extension/domain.model.md, before:

# ToDoList Exercise


## User Stories
- I want to add tasks to my todo list. √
- I want to see all the tasks in my todo list. √ 
- I want to change the status of a task between incomplete and complete. √
- I want to be able to get only the complete tasks. √
- I want to be able to get only the incomplete tasks. √
- I want to search for a task and receive a message that says it wasn't found if it doesn't exist. √
- I want to remove tasks from my list. √
- I want to see all the tasks in my list ordered alphabetically in ascending order. √
- I want to see all the tasks in my list ordered alphabetically in descending order. √

- I want to be able to get a task by a unique ID.
- I want to update the name of a task by providing its ID and a new name.
- I want to be able to change the status of a task by providing its ID.
- I want to be able to see the date and time that I created each task.

### Class ToDoList
 
| Member Variables  | Methods               | Scenario                             | Return                               | Type       |
|-------------------|-----------------------|--------------------------------------|--------------------------------------|------------|
| listOfTasks: List | addTasks()            | I want to add task to list           | Add the list to the to-do-list       | boolean    |
|                   | retrieveTasks()       | I want to know what tasks I have     | Print the tasks, and return the list | List<Task> |
|                   | getCompleteTasks()    | I want to see completed tasks        | Print the tasks, and return the list | List<Task> |
|                   | searchTask()          | I want to know if tasks exists       | Print the tasks, and return it       | Task       |
|                   | removeTask()          | I want to remove a task              | Print which task was removed         | Sys.out    |
|                   | removeAllTasks()      | I want to remove all tasks           | Print which tasks was removed        | Sys.out    |
|                   | showTasksAscending()  | I want to see tasks ascending order  | Print all tasks in ascending order   | Sys.out    |
|                   | showTasksDescending() | I want to see tasks descending order | Print all tasks in descending order  | Sys.out    |


### Task

| Member Variables | Methods | Scenario                          | Return | Type |
|------------------|---------|-----------------------------------|--------|------|
| name: String     |         |                                   |        |      |
| status: boolean  |         | If incomplete: false _ else: true |        |      |
| ID: int          |         |                                   |        |      |
|                  |         |                                   |        |      |
|                  |         |                                   |        |      |

Commit message:

2. Extension (domain-model + red + green)

src/main/java/com/booleanuk/extension/domain.model.md, after:

# ToDoList Exercise


## User Stories
- I want to add tasks to my todo list. √
- I want to see all the tasks in my todo list. √ 
- I want to change the status of a task between incomplete and complete. √
- I want to be able to get only the complete tasks. √
- I want to be able to get only the incomplete tasks. √
- I want to search for a task and receive a message that says it wasn't found if it doesn't exist. √
- I want to remove tasks from my list. √
- I want to see all the tasks in my list ordered alphabetically in ascending order. √
- I want to see all the tasks in my list ordered alphabetically in descending order. √

- I want to be able to get a task by a unique ID.
- I want to update the name of a task by providing its ID and a new name.
- I want to be able to change the status of a task by providing its ID.
- I want to be able to see the date and time that I created each task.

### Class ToDoList
 
| Member Variables  | Methods               | Scenario                             | Return                               | Type          |
|-------------------|-----------------------|--------------------------------------|--------------------------------------|---------------|
| listOfTasks: List | addTasks()            | I want to add task to list           | Add the list to the to-do-list       | boolean       |
|                   | retrieveTasks()       | I want to know what tasks I have     | Print the tasks, and return the list | List<Task>    |
|                   | getCompleteTasks()    | I want to see completed tasks        | Print the tasks, and return the list | List<Task>    |
|                   | searchTask()          | I want to know if tasks exists       | Print the tasks, and return it       | Task          |
|                   | removeTask()          | I want to remove a task              | Print which task was removed         | Sys.out       |
|                   | removeAllTasks()      | I want to remove all tasks           | Print which tasks was removed        | Sys.out       |
|                   | showTasksAscending()  | I want to see tasks ascending order  | Print all tasks in ascending order   | Sys.out       |
|                   | showTasksDescending() | I want to see tasks descending order | Print all tasks in descending order  | Sys.out       |
|                   | getTaskByID()         | I want to see a task with certain ID | Return TaskExtension if found        | TaskExtension |
|                   | setNameByID()         | I want to update the name of a task  | Print if name changed                | Sys.out       |


### Task

| Member Variables | Methods | Scenario                          | Return | Type |
|------------------|---------|-----------------------------------|--------|------|
| name: String     |         |                                   |        |      |
| status: boolean  |         | If incomplete: false _ else: true |        |      |
| ID: int          |         |                                   |        |      |
|                  |         |                                   |        |      |
|                  |         |                                   |        |      |
